the men's singles final at the US Open
featured second time finalists Novak
Djokovic and first-time finalists Rafael
Nadal history on the line for Nadal as
he went into his first Grand Slam final
here at the US open with a chance to win
his ninth overall it in the first set he
was already frustrating Djokovic this
was set point after Nadal got a critical
break and with that Miss new doll up one
set to love second set Djokovic took the
early lead got an early break from Nadal
and it looked like he would run away
with a set he was up for one however
Nadal would start to come back break
point here for Nadal and with that the
Dow got back on serve at for all 30 all
the rains came and immediately players
were told to leave the court with severe
storms in the area this was the time
lapse of our weather situation this
final push to monday for the third
straight year but rain would not stop it
from finishing they came out at 30 all
for all in the second set Djokovic with
game point to take the lead he would
take the lead however they would get 25
all Djokovic trying to move one game
away from the set use the drop shot very
effectively during this men's final
against Nadal and eventually Djokovic
would get to set point break serve and
even the match at a set apiece into the
third set Nadal matching Djokovic his
intensity spectacular points and at
times Nadal was just too good Djokovic
left to shake his head in all Nadal
would break and try to serve out the
third set a pivotal set for Djokovic who
at times seemed to be
metering on running out of gas nadal
would win the third set 6-4 and in the
fourth set Nadal at a chance for two
breaks as he would steamroll ahead here
in the fourth set Nadal desperate to put
this away Djokovic actually started
playing a little better once he got down
the two breaks but every time Djokovic
made a run Nadal was right there to
answer it and this Nadal trying to close
it out rafael nadal wins his ninth Grand
Slam title he's the seventh man in
tennis history to complete a career
Grand Slam the second man to do it here
for the first time at the US open behind
Rod Laver and he's the fourth man to win
three consecutive slams in a calendar
year